Tutorial updates nov2020rel (Do not merge until after Nov release) (#126)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.perception: com.unity.perception/Documentation~/Tutorial/Phase2.md

The purpose of this piece of code is to obtain a random float parameter and assign it to the light's `Intensity` field on the start of every Iteration. Let's go through the code above and understand each part. The `FloatParameter` field makes it possible for us to define a randomized float parameter and modify its properties from the editor UI, similar to how we already modified the properties for the previous Randomizers we used. 

> **Note:** If you look at the _**Console**_ tab of the editor now, you will see an error regarding `MyLightRandomizerTag` not being found. This is normal, since we have not yet created this class; the error will go away once we create the class later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If you look at the _**Console**_ tab of the editor now, you will see an error regarding `MyLightRandomizerTag` not being found. This is to be expected, since we have not yet created this class; the error will go away once we create the class later.
```
